USA & Canada World USA & Canada Australia & New-Zealand India Southeast Asia Login forgot it?
remember me or Login with Facebook Login with Twitter Register No account yet?
Registering is free , easy , and private .
Discuss in the forum, contribute to the Encyclopedia, build your own MyAnime lists, and more.
anywhere on the site in the encyclopedia in the forums News News chronological archives 12:45 An Momose's Shitasaki Kara Koi BL Manga About 'Cakeverse' Gets Mini Anime Shorts on YouTube 10:51 The First Slam Dunk Film Wins Japan Academy Film Prizes' Animation of the Year 07:01 New Anime Reveals 4 More Cast Members 06:29 My Clueless First Friend Anime's 2nd Promo Video Previews Opening Theme 05:21 Le Parisien Newspaper: Cat's Eye Manga Gets Live-Action French Series 05:17 The Great Mission Anime Reveals More Cast, Theme Song Artists 04:57 Magical Destroyers Anime Reveals New Visual, April 7 Debut 04:43 CAPCOM's Exoprimal Game Streams Trailer Revealing July 14 Launch Date 03:58 World Dai Star Anime's TV Ad, Kathrina Character Video Streamed 03:43 My Hero Academia Manga Takes 2-Week Break Due to Author's Health Convention reports chronological archives Nov 18 Anime NYC 2022 Oct 31 Happy Halloween from the Anime World!
Sep 25 Aniplex Festival Online 2022 Newsfeed Interest chronological archives 10:45 Spanish Soccer Athlete Iniesta Endorses Aoashi Manga Mar 9 Tweeting Allowed at Sasaki and Miyano Film Screening This Saturday Mar 9 Gundam: Witch From Mercury Website Briefly Lists Spoiler Summary For Anime's Season 2 Mar 8 One-Punch Man Cosmetics Launch in Overwatch 2 Mar 7 Evangelion , Shin Kamen Rider Izakaya Opens in Tokyo on Friday Mar 6 Hatsune Miku Crocs Are Coming Mar 6 Pop Team Epic's Hellshake Yano Turns to Card Battles in Duel Masters PLAY'S Game Press Releases chronological archives 07:00 Fanhome Launches Transformers Optimus Prime Build-Up Subscription for North America 07:00 Doraemon Story of Seasons: Friends of the Great Kingdom's DLC Pack #3 with is Now Available 07:00 Edda to Sing ED Theme of The Ancient Magus' Bride Season 2 Mar 9 Settle Down in an Idyllic Fantasy Town in Rune Factory 3 Special Launching 5th September 2023 on Nintendo and PC Mar 9 A Remade Classic, Rune Factory 3 Special , Launches on Nintendo Switch and PC in North America on Sept. 5 Mar 9 Explore a Mysterious Island in Search of Lost Memories while Repelling Vengeful Spirits in Koei Tecmo's Nightmare Fuel, Fatal Frame: Mask of the Lunar Eclipse , Available Now Views Features chronological archives 09:00 The Double Writer's Guide to Kamen Rider Mar 8 Hands-on With VR Mar 7 Your Anime Rankings - Best of Winter 2023, Feb 26-Mar 4 Mar 6 Inside Bandai Namco's First Akihabara Arcade Mar 3 The Many Adaptations of Death Note Mar 1 Tonari Animation's CEO on Which Innovations Will Help the Anime Industry Feb 28 Your Anime Rankings - Best of Winter 2023, Feb 19-25 Feb 27 Fan Meetup Celebrates Digimon's 25th Anniversary Reviews alphabetical archives 12:00 Blue Thermal Mar 9 Blue Box GN 3 Mar 8 PARANORMASIGHT: The Seven Mysteries of Honjo Mar 8 FATAL FRAME: Mask of the Lunar Eclipse Mar 7 Immoral Guild Mar 6 Aim for the Ace Blu-ray Mar 5 Aggretsuko Season 5 Mar 4 IDOLiSH7 Third Beat!
Episodes 14-30 Columns chronological archives 11:00 This Week in Games - Welcome To The Next Saiyan Level Mar 9 This Week in Anime - And the Award for Best Anime Awards Goes To... Mar 3 Answerman - What Kind of Content Restrictions Does Shonen Jump Impose?
Mar 1 The ANN Aftershow - More Like "Hash the Stampede," Amirite?
Everything chronological archives Features (incl.
Interviews and Seasonal features like Anime Spotlight , Preview Guide , Weekly Rankings ) Reviews (incl.
Game Reviews ) Columns (incl.
The ANN Aftershow , Anime News Nina!
, ANNtv , ANNCast , Answerman , Astro Toy , Intern Annika , Brain Diving , Buried Treasure , Chicks On Anime , Crashing Japan , The Dub Track , The Edit List , Epic Threads , From The Gallery , Hai Fidelity , House of 1000 Manga , Ima Kore Ga Hoshiin Da , Old School , Pile of Shame , RIGHT TURN ONLY!!
, Shelf Life , Sound Decision , Sub Culture , Super Plastic , Tales Of The Industry , Tankobon Tower , The Click , The Gallery , The List , The Mike Toole Show , The Set List , The Stream , The X Button , This Week in Anime , This Week in Games , Vice & Luna ) Editorials (incl.
Industry Comments ) Advertorials New Anime Your Score: Rate the Latest Simulcasts Upcoming Anime List Upcoming DVD & Blu-ray Weekly Rankings: The Best and Worst of the Season So Far According to Readers Anime Spotlight previous seasons Winter 2023 Preview Guide "Ippon" Again!
The Angel Next Door Spoils Me Rotten Ayakashi Triangle BOFURI: I Don't Want to Get Hurt, so I'll Max Out My Defense.
Season 2 Buddy Daddies Bungo Stray Dogs Season 4 By the Grace of the Gods Season 2 Campfire Cooking in Another World with My Absurd Skill Chillin' in My 30s after Getting Fired from the Demon King's Army D4DJ All Mix Don't Toy with Me, Miss Nagatoro 2nd Attack Endo and Kobayashi Live!
The Latest on Tsundere Villainess Lieselotte Farming Life in Another World The Fire Hunter The Fruit of Evolution 2: Before I Knew It, My Life Had It Made Season 2 Giant Beasts of Ars Handyman in Another World High Card The Ice Guy and His Cool Female Colleague The Iceblade Sorcerer Shall Rule the World In/Spectre Season 2 Is It Wrong to Try to Pick Up Girls in a Dungeon?
IV Part 2 Kaina of the Great Snow Sea Kubo Won't Let Me Be Invisible The Legend of Heroes: Trails of Cold Steel - Northern War The Magical Revolution of the Reincarnated Princess Malevolent Spirits: Mononogatari The Misfit of Demon King Academy II NieR:Automata Ver 1.1a Ningen Fushin: Adventurers Who Don't Believe in Humanity Will Save the World ONIMAI: I'm Now Your Sister!
Reborn to Master the Blade: From Hero-King to Extraordinary Squire The Reincarnation of the Strongest Exorcist In Another World Revenger Saving 80,000 Gold in Another World for My Retirement Spy Classroom Sugar Apple Fairy Tale The Tale of Outcasts Technoroid Overmind Tokyo Revengers: Christmas Showdown Tomo-chan Is a Girl!
Trigun Stampede Tsurune: The Linking Shot UniteUp!
The Vampire Dies in No Time Season 2 Vinland Saga Season 2 previous seasons Daily Streaming Reviews "Ippon" Again!
#9 Attack on Titan Final Season THE FINAL CHAPTERS #1 BLUELOCK #21 BOFURI: I Don't Want to Get Hurt, so I'll Max Out My Defense.
Season 2 #7 Buddy Daddies #7-8 Bungo Stray Dogs Season 4 #47 Campfire Cooking in Another World with My Absurd Skill #9 Endo and Kobayashi Live!
The Latest on Tsundere Villainess Lieselotte #9 Giant Beasts of Ars #9 Handyman in Another World #9 High Card #9 In/Spectre Season 2 #21 Is It Wrong to Try to Pick Up Girls in a Dungeon?
IV #21 Kaina of the Great Snow Sea #8 My Hero Academia Season 6 #135 NieR:Automata Ver 1.1a #6 One Piece #1053 ONIMAI: I'm Now Your Sister!
#10 Revenger #9 Spy Classroom #8 Sugar Apple Fairy Tale #9 The Fire Hunter #6-7 The Magical Revolution of the Reincarnated Princess #10 Tokyo Revengers: Christmas Showdown #9 Tomo-chan Is a Girl!
#10 Trigun Stampede #9 Tsurune: The Linking Shot #10 Vinland Saga Season 2 #9 Welcome to Demon School, Iruma-kun Season 3 #21 Encyclopedia Anime Top 10 Latest Simulcasts Licensed Latest in Japan Upcoming TV series , movies , OAVs Manga Top 10 Licensed Latest in Japan People Most prolific cast Most prolific staff Releases This month Companies Licensors Lexicon Tools Search by genre, theme, year Comparison tool Personal settings more Forum Forum Categories Site-Related General Industry For Subscribers Forums Talkback Anime > Series Discussion Manga Encyclopedia Feedback Retail Community Forum Information Search FAQ Usergroups My ANN Public Public Anime Lists Surveys Contests & Giveaways Newsletter ANN:Connect Subscribers Subscriber Forum Subscribe Personal My Anime My Manga Change skin My Anime 2 (beta) About Our Team Contact us Site news Staff openings Privacy policy Copyright policy Other policies Advertise with ANN Help FAQ Report a Problem Bugs & Technical Questions Forum Login or Register forgot it?
remember me Login with Facebook Login with Twitter No account yet?
Registering is free , easy , and private .
Discuss in the forum, contribute to the Encyclopedia, build your own MyAnime lists, and more.
You must be at least 13 years old.
remind me tomorrow remind me next week never remind me Subscribe to the ANN Newsletter Wake up every Sunday to a curated list of ANN's most interesting posts of the week.
read more News Hayao Miyazaki's How Do You Live?
Film Opens in Japan on July 14, 2023 posted on 2022-12-13 02:31 EST by Crystalyn Hodgkins google_ad_section_start INFOLINKS_ON New poster visual also revealed The official Twitter account for Studio Ghibli announced on Tuesday that Hayao Miyazaki 's latest feature film, Kimi-tachi wa Ikiru ka , will open in theaters in Japan on July 14, 2023.
The film is tentatively titled How Do You Live?
in English.
Studio Ghibli also revealed a visual for the film.
Miyazaki is credited with the original work, in addition to directing the film and writing the script.
Studio Ghibli will reveal other staff members, cast members, and the story for the film at a later date.
Miyazaki derived the film from Yoshino 's 1937 novel How Do You Live?
.
He added that this book is a story that has great meaning to the protagonist of his film.
Algonquin Young Readers released the book in English in October 2021, and it describes the novel: HOW DO YOU LIVE?
begins with fifteen-year-old Copper, who has recently suffered the loss of his father, gazing out over his hometown of Tokyo, watching the thousands of people below, and beginning to ponder life's big questions.
How many people are in the world?
What do their lives look like?
Are humans really made of molecules?
The book moves between Copper's story and his uncle's journal entries, in which he gives advice and helps Copper learn pivotal truths about the way the world works.
Over the course of a year in his life, Copper, like his namesake Copernicus, embarks on a journey of philosophical enlightenment, and uses his discoveries about the heavens, earth and human nature to determine the best way to live.
Yoshino perfectly captures the beauty and strangeness of pre-war Japan the changing of the seasons, the fried tofu and taiyaki stands, and the lush landscapes, as Copper explores the city on his bike and learns from friends and family what really matters most in life.
Studio Ghibli producer Toshio Suzuki stated in an interview in March 2021 that the animation for the film was half-finished, and added he did not expect the film to release for another three years.
Suzuki had stated in an interview in December 2020 that the film will be 125 minutes long.
Miyazaki officially revealed the film in 2017.
Suzuki reported in April 2017 that Miyazaki had been drawing the storyboards for the project since July 2016.
Miyazaki's last film, 2013's The Wind Rises , also derived its title as a homage to a literary work, Tatsuo Hori 's novel The Wind Has Risen ( Kaze Tachinu ) which is itself an apparent homage to a line in Paul poem "Le Marin."
Miyazaki had declared in 2013 that he would "retire from the production of feature-length films," but he then came out of retirement to make How Do You Live?
.
Sources: Studio Ghibli 's North American Twitter account and Japanese Twitter account , Eiga Natalie INFOLINKS_OFF source: ... discuss this in the forum (15 posts) | bookmark/share with: this article has been modified since it was originally posted; see change history News homepage / archives google_ad_section_end RightStuf - Anime, Manga and More - + review Blue Thermal Mar 10, 12:00 anime There's nothing that's actively bad about the movie, and a likable protagonist goes a long way towards keeping things breezy and enjoyable, but its pleasures are mild, and the experience of watching it is almost instantly forgettable.
Blue Thermal fits into the genre of slice-of-life anime centered around students partaking in a school club together.
Somewhat unusual for the genre, it takes place i... column 4 comments This Week in Games - Welcome To The Next Saiyan Level Mar 10, 11:00 4 comments games It's birthday, so Jean-Karlo takes the opportunity to gush about the beloved KOF character and SNK games's unique history in Mexico.
Also, Twitch cracks down on deepfakes, Dragon Ball Z: Budokai Tenkaichi returns and more in This Week in Games!
Welcome back, everyone!
I hope you're looking forward to starting your weekend with some game news!
I could definitely use a break, I had a very bus... feature 3 comments The Double Writer's Guide to Kamen Rider Mar 10, 09:00 3 comments live-action With Hideaki Anno's Shin Kamen Rider hitting Japanese theaters, now's a good time to sink into the series.
Here's a guide on the best films and shows available in North America.
With Hideaki Anno's Shin Kamen Rider hitting Japanese theaters, we decided it may not be a bad time to take a look at the slowly but surely growing collection of Kamen Rider series and films available in North America.
In t... news 18 comments Original Naruto Anime Gets 4 Brand-New Episodes for 20th Anniversary Mar 10, 01:40 18 comments anime New episodes slated for September, after selected earlier episodes rerun in Japan in July The official website for the Naruto anime franchise announced on Thursday that the Naruto television anime will air four "brand-new" episodes starting in September to celebrate its 20th anniversary.
(The Naruto television anime debuted in October 2002.)
Selected earlier episodes of the Naruto anime will also ... news 21 comments Boruto Anime Ends Part I on March 26, With Part II Confirmed Mar 10, 01:40 21 comments anime 293rd episode to be 'Part I' finale The official website for the Boruto: Naruto Next Generations anime announced on Thursday that the anime's 293rd episode on March 26 will be the final episode of anime's "Part I."
The website also confirmed that production on "Part II" of the anime has been green-lit.
Viz Media is simulcasting the Boruto: Naruto Next Generations series on Hulu as it airs in Japan,... news 15 comments Code Geass, GaoGaiGar Character Designer Takahiro Kimura Passes Away Mar 10, 01:39 15 comments people Animator was dealing with amyloidosis The official website for the Code Geass franchise announced on Thursday that character designer and animator Takahiro Kimura passed away on March 5, after battling amyloidosis.
Kimura designed the characters or adapted the original character designs for such anime as the Code Geass franchise, GaoGaiGar: King of the Braves, Betterman, Dirty Pair Flash, Brigadoo... news 18 comments Frieren: Beyond Journey's End Anime's Promo Video Reveals Cast, Staff, Fall Premiere Mar 9, 18:20 18 comments anime Atsumi Tanezaki stars in anime by Bocchi the Rock!
director Madhouse The official website for the television anime of Kanehito Yamada and Tsukasa Abe's Frieren: Beyond Journey's End no Frieren) manga revealed a new visual, promotional video, staff, cast, and fall premiere for the anime on Wednesday.
Atsumi Tanezaki will play the protagonist and titular character Frieren.
Keii... news 6 comments 'Girlfriend, Girlfriend' Manga Enters 'Final Conflict' Mar 9, 18:19 6 comments manga Manga launched in 2020, inspired TV anime in 2022, with 2nd season in production This year's 14th issue of Kodansha's Weekly Shonen Magazine revealed on Wednesday that Hiroyuki's Girlfriend, Girlfriend ( Kanojo mo Kanojo ) manga is entering its "final conflict."
Kodansha USA Publishing began releasing the manga digitally in April 2021, and it describes the manga: Naoya just got a girlfriend, the gorg... review 2 comments Blue Box GN 3 Mar 9, 12:00 2 comments manga Regardless of where the romantic component of the story goes, if it continues to develop its theme of straightforward dedication with believably emotional moments, I definitely will find myself constantly coming back to the series.
I wouldn't go so far as to call Blue Box a traditional sports manga.
The story doesn't really go into the mechanics of badminton or basketball.
Even though the artwork i... column 1 comment This Week in Anime - And the Award for Best Anime Awards Goes To... Mar 9, 09:00 1 comment industry Beyond arguing about whether your fave made it in, what's the point of anime awards?
Chris and Nicky discuss the pros of the various fan and industry awards ceremonies.
Beyond arguing about whether your fave made it in, what's the point of anime awards?
Chris and Nicky discuss the pros of the various fan and industry awards ceremonies.
Disclaimer: The views and opinions expressed by the participan... game review 1 comment PARANORMASIGHT: The Seven Mysteries of Honjo Mar 8, 10:00 1 comment games While missed opportunities keep PARANORMASIGHT from being a truly standout game, I still enjoyed the process of uncovering the story, even if it goes into some truly off-the-wall directions in its end-game content.
PARANORMASIGHT: The Seven Mysteries of Honjo is a horror visual novel written and created for me, personally.
I do not know how director and scenario writer Takanari Ishiyama tapped into... feature 1 comment Hands-on With VR Mar 8, 09:00 1 comment events Ever wanted to run around the Hidden Leaf Village to team up with Naruto and friends to fight ninjas?
Then have I got the game for you.
Ever wanted to run around the Hidden Leaf Village to team up with Naruto and friends to fight ninjas?
Then have I got the game for you.
From March 21 to May 28, VR will be playable on the fourth floor of DiverCity in Odaiba, Tokyo.
ANN was able to try... game review FATAL FRAME: Mask of the Lunar Eclipse Mar 8, 08:00 games Fatal Frame: Mask of the Lunar Eclipse sadly never came to the United States to the disappointment of many fans fifteen years ago.
KOEI Tecmo is here to right that old wrong, giving us the long-awaited localization.
Was it worth the wait?
Fatal Frame: Mask of the Lunar Eclipse sadly never came to the United States in 2008, to the disappointment of many fans fifteen years ago.
KOEI Tecmo is here to ... your score 5 comments Your Anime Rankings - Best of Winter 2023, Feb 26-Mar 4 Mar 7, 17:00 5 comments anime After a slow start to the season, Miss Nagatoro climbs into the cumulative top 10!
Find out where your favorite shows rank this week.
Let's have a look at what ANN readers consider the best (and worst) of the season, based on the polls you can find in our Daily Streaming Reviews and on the Your Score page with the latest simulcasts.
Keep in mind that these rankings are based on how people rated in... review 9 comments Immoral Guild Mar 7, 12:00 9 comments anime So here it is: Immoral Guild is a horny anime.
How horny?
Monstrously.
I briefly considered burying the lede at the beginning of this review as a joke by acting like Immoral Guild was some decently distinctive little fantasy sitcom if not for just one little caveat that I forgot to mention.
But that's disingenuous.
It does put "Immoral" right there in the title, after all, and makes no secret what ... column 32 comments This Week in Anime - The Cutthroat World of Shonen Jump Manga Mar 7, 09:00 32 comments manga Steve and Nick try to parse what makes for a winning formula in the highly competitive manga magazine, if such a thing even exists.
If you're an avid Shonen Jump reader, you've likely experienced the heartache of your favorite series getting tossed in the bin.
Steve and Nick try to parse what makes for a winning formula in the highly competitive magazine, if such a thing even exists.
These manga a... All material Copyright Anime News Network LLC.
All rights reserved.
served by mayu-chan Report a Problem News Convention reports Newsfeed Interest Press Releases Views Features Reviews Columns New Anime Your Score for Recent Simulcasts Upcoming Anime List Upcoming DVD & Blu-ray Weekly Rankings Winter 2023 Preview Guide Daily Streaming Reviews Encyclopedia Forum My ANN Subscribe My Anime My Manga Newsletter ANN:Connect About Our Team Contact us Staff openings Privacy policy Copyright policy Advertise with ANN FAQ Report a Problem Bugs & Technical Questions Forum foot Infolinks disabled
